[Music]
it's that time people it's time to spin
that wheel it's time to play that game
blame the victim that's right I'm gonna
say it you know who's responsible for
the fact that coronavirus has been
vastly more devastating in France than
it was in Japan or Taiwan which are in
case he hadn't seen a map right next to
a trap do you know who's to blame the
French one of my most common experiences
living in France married to a French
woman having a French child was walking
into a bakery whether in the streets of
Paris Marseille or nice walking into a
bakery buying a loaf of bread and then
insu's them at the door tearing the
bread in half and throwing half of it in
the garbage because the hats that had
been directly handled by the Baker's
assistant or cashier or whatever they
directly grabbed and handled the bread
with their bare hands the same hands
that are handling money raw meat beef
chicken the same hands that they'll use
to pick something up off the floor or
touch their shoes the very fundamental
breakthrough of the germ theory of
disease normally give it a something
that marks the end of the dark ages and
the beginning of the Renaissance depends
on when you put it on the calendar shall
we say um the germ theory of disease
remains fundamentally unknown to the
French and if you dare to point this out
to them if you say in Paris in Nice in
Marseille
if you said pardon me I don't really
want to eat a loaf of bread that you've
directly handled with your bare hands
directly coming back and forth to the
cash register directly handling other
groceries that include like raw eggs raw
meat etc that just doesn't interest me
I'm not buying a rock not buying a pet
rock to put in a [ __ ] terrarium I'm
buying already baked bread to put
directly into my mouth it's not a banana
where I can take off the banana peel all
right by handling the bread in this way
you've made its value go from $1 to zero
I would
pay to not eat it yes sometimes you
throw half of the bread in the garbage
that's the half you saw them handling
but before you got there they were
handling it the same way before they put
in the Shelf the french have no concept
of the germ theory of disease I've done
humanitarian work in third-world
countries where people are genuinely
illiterate have just genuinely lacked
access to education or where they're
kind of learning about this stuff for
the first time they're way better off
than the French they are way more
advanced than the French the former
French colony of Cambodia the former
French colony of Laos they are way ahead
of the French because if you dare to
point this out to the French you know
what you get back
ego how dare you who do you think you
are to tell me how to do my job well you
know what if you work in a bakery and
you don't have the concept of the germ
theory of disease that you have to wear
plastic gloves or wash your hands or
make some other serious transition that
demarcates the hand that handles money
at the cash register directly touches
bread to pass to people but if you don't
know that then guess I am in the
position to tell you how to do your job
because I'm living in the 21st century
and you are living in the 11th century
you're fully 1,000 years out of the
[ __ ] loop and there are this
tremendous sense of ego this tremendous
sense of entitlement
I remember going into a falafel shop
with my ex-wife I think it was just
before my ex-wife gave birth she was
still pregnant we go in this falafel
shop and this guy you know it's a normal
thing with falafels there are several
different bins for the different
ingredients like raw green vegetables
onions hummus like you know and then the
actual falafel balls and the bread the
guy is handling all of it directly with
his bare hands while chatting with other
people while smoking a cigarette
handling the service someone else came
in to give him money for something like
an order or delivery or something given
oh hey man you know he paused for a
minute he handles them when he puts away
minute eat directly with his bare
fingers handling tomato he already diced
pieces of wet tomato putting with the
same
fingers the handle the money they don't
give a [ __ ] I say to my ex-wife look you
can tell them or I can tell them but the
reality is either we tell him or as soon
as he hands us this falafel we're
putting in that garbage can before we go
if you want to pay him I can lose the
money but what's the point just to make
him feel better so we might as well tell
my ex-wife had to look I'm sorry we
cannot eat this falafel now I mean she
was pregnant she's not in a position to
just get a head cold and [ __ ] around and
be be in bed with a head cold for two
weeks give a huge impact on her
pregnancy in her first you know who a
breastfeeding the baby most of us at
most times of our life just don't have
two weeks to throw away even if the only
risk we're taking here is the ordinary
head cold just a cold
not coronavirus not amoebic dysentery or
the myriad other diseases you can get by
handling food in an unsafe and improper
way you know what in France this
incredibly high-handed insulting
self-righteous smug attitude about their
refusal to adhere to modern standards of
Hygiene modern standards of Hygiene I've
seen people following again Taiwan Japan
try to unit they know when I was in
Taiwan they would always put on a
plastic glove to handle a piece of bread
before putting it in a plastic bag and
you know what happened when the corona
virus epidemic hit they got guidelines
from the government saying no from now
on you have to have a glove on both
hands when you open the bag to put the
prints I noticed the difference I notice
the difference when I went to five month
ago oh right now we got to put and you
know they're not even using the other
hand they only really touch the bread
with one hand like oh right the
government just cracked down because
like in theory indirectly somehow the
other hand could could touch so that you
know they understand food hygiene
understand the disease spreads through
contact with food and that's the crucial
vector here France is willing to roll
out every other [ __ ] draconian
repressive policy take all of people's
civil rights away have the police flying
drones through the sky hunting down
grandmother's who are walking their dog
in the park as if walking through
the grass is gonna spread coronavirus
when it's not handling falafels with
your bare fingers handling bread with
your bare fingers what goes on every day
in every grocery store in France as well
as every takeout food restaurant that is
what spread coronavirus and this extends
through all levels of education society
if you have some kind of smug stereotype
you're like oh well that's just poor and
uneducated people no it's not it's
medical doctors and nurses in hospitals
at the highest level I said to one
doctor straight to his [ __ ] face look
I may not have a PhD but even I wash my
hands before I put them inside my wife's
vagina I've seen doctors smug as [ __ ]
refusing to wash their hands when I
interrupt them it's a I'm sorry before
this vaginal exam goes any further
there's a sink right there on the wall I
want you to wash your hands I have
gotten in the face of doctors and nurse
in France and this repeatedly and they
[ __ ] feel like it's part of their
goddamn cultural heritage to handle the
food you eat before you eat it and to
put their fingers in your goddamn vagina
without [ __ ] washing their hands so
guess what France more than 20,000
people are going to [ __ ] die because
of this [ __ ] ego trip you've been
off for 500 years the germ theory of
disease look it up
[Music]
make sure that you do me good guys cuz I
come in here every single day
poverty glitter sequin covered in booty
shorts I do not violate the Terms of
Service so they each every one of your
neck both hands on the keyboard so you
can enjoy the stream so you could have a
good time listening to me playing with
me singing with me smiling with me
enjoying your life would you and Jew you
do you do deserve to enjoy each and
every moment of your life you enjoy and
she every one of your life is worthy you
guys you can do it you can be the best
that you can be and we can do it
together it's gonna take effort it's
going to take patience it's going to
take a lot a lot a lot a lot of work but
if we don't try then what the [ __ ] it's
stopping us from just throwing ourselves
off a bridge and giving up and say yeah
the planet is dying the government hates
I see animals are leaving the aliens are
contacting us we might be alone it just
might be you and me but that's okay
because you really need anyone else